Add foundational docs improvements for DRA (#51091)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/dra.md

---
title: Dynamic Resource Allocation
id: dra
date: 2025-05-13
full_link: /docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/

> short_description: >

Reviewer: Can we shorten this more?

  A Kubernetes feature for requesting and sharing resources among Pods. These
  resources are often attached devices like hardware accelerators.

> aka: DRA

Reviewer 2: Is this the right format for the `aka` field? This is rendering as `Also known as: 68, 82, 65` (ASCII for D, R, A).

A cursory look suggests this should be an array:
```suggestion
aka:
- DRA
```

tags:
- extension
---
 Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) is a Kubernetes feature that lets you
request and share resources among Pods. These resources are often attached
{{< glossary_tooltip text="devices" term_id="device" >}} like hardware accelerators.

<!--more-->

With DRA, device drivers and cluster admins define device _classes_ that are

> available to request in a cluster. Developers "claim" devices within a device

Reviewer 2: I slightly prefer "workload operators" which is used elsewhere in these new docs to describe this persona.

```suggestion
available to request in a cluster. Workload operators "claim" devices within a device
```

Reviewer: (i wrote our concept page for “operator”)

Avoid mentioning operators here; it's OK to link to a page that mentions them. 
I think workloads claim these resources. Try to make the analogy with PVCs.

Reviewer: Also, use italics not quoting.
